every website should have a way to get a hold off the person that has the website and this
is no different where we're gonna be setting up the contact US area of the website.
Just a quick refresh and contact us.
We haven't touched it yet,
and that's what we're going to do in this lesson.
We're gonna be looking at what Bootstrap has in the way of form fields,
how we can group forms together and how we can make a really nice looking form quickly and
easily.
So the information that we're gonna be gathering is gonna be the emailed field also having
a text area for a message if we want.
We can also just keep this as a regular input so we could have a number of inputs and then
these can be adjusted as needed.
So you can have different types of inputs like the text area that input the email field and
so on.
We're gonna bring that into the project,
so go down to where we have our text or contact us.
And again,
we want to make sure that the structure is going to be the same as what we saw within the
other ones.
We've got that our story.
And also,
we're going to do this one a little bit different because this one isn't gonna be the full
with the cross.
Where are gonna use the role and column of eight,
But we want to justify and we want to center that content.
So it's gonna be the big difference here for the contact area.
I'll slide this down to make some more space for this particular section.
Remember,
this is the contact us,
and add in the other gives there to close off that section.
So we just want a center,
the contact form.
We don't want to have any additional columns and update this to say contact us.
So what?
Apply some styling and contact form.
Just a placeholder for now.
So right now,
if I go over here and for this,
I have set of background color so I could see where the contact form is gonna sit.
So see,
it's still pulled over to the left hand side.
And that means that we need to adjust some of the styling just as we saw over here,
where if we didn't want to go the full with,
We could set using the Flex center so that justify center of the column contents.
So let's add that in,
and that should shift it to the center.
That's the same class that we used earlier.
And actually this needs to go into the world.
So that centered that content.
I'm just adding some spacers so we can scroll the contact form up so it's more center for
you as we're creating it.
We're going to get rid of that after,
so that's not part of what we're building.
So going into the forms,
just as we typically would.
So now that our form is nascent centered and probably doing eight is a little bit better,
we're gonna have eight columns across,
and the content is centered using the justify content center class.
I'm also gonna add in a spot that if we are using JavaScript,
we can add our success content to and then this could be dynamically populated using
JavaScript so I could say maybe thank you or something like that.
I'm also going to get rid of the background because we don't need that.
So this is actually going to be something that we're going to use with JavaScript if we
want.
So it's just a placeholder for applying some messages.
So once the form gets submitted,
we can hide.
We can show various classes and then using the four tag set up the form and within the form
,
we're gonna have some structure with bootstrap to set up a class and using form a group
class,
it's going to be an input group.
So this will group all of the inputs together and we've got the inputs type equals text and
give it a name.
And we're gonna collect the name of the person and class form control.
So give it that bootstrap styling for the form and play soldiers regular html.
And this should actually be placeholder.
So we've got the form area and we can also use pre penned in order to add.
Some were styling to the forms and on the boots trot site.
You can see some examples on how the pre penned is being used and we've already got fought
.
Awesome added in.
And the pretend is something like this where you've got this at symbol within the input
field.
So we've got input.
Group pre penned the content that were pre pending and then we've got the whole input group
gathered together.
So it's the same thing that we want to do for that input group and for our fields where
we've got the contact us.
So we want to use some of the fought awesome icons in order to odd to the input area.
So set up the input group.
We already have that whole input group Forum Group Input Group.
Together they're using a diff and class and input group.
Pre penned is the class that we want to use,
and then we need to specify what it is that we want to pretend with so class.
And I want to input group text as it's going to treat the thought awesome as text.
And then whatever the thought awesome icon is that you want to use already got one that I'm
going to use.
So I'm gonna simply dropped that one in,
and you see that it shows up now on the on the form pretended.
That's all you have to do as it's all contained within the input group and then the form
input group.
And that's how you can add a number of inputs So I'm gonna copy that structure and we'll
update them as we go through.
So of course we don't wanna ask only name eso.
The classes are all the same,
and you'll find that with boots drop,
there's a lot of repeat.
So once you create one kind of chunk of classes and elements that you like,
you can reuse it,
and this one is going to be for email.
So it's gonna be on envelope open,
and the name for this one is going to be email,
and you could just update that.
And this way we can really easily build out of form.
So whatever a number of fields we want to ask,
that's all available here.
And also you might want to ask a subject so we can copy the structure once again,
and everything is the same.
One update the fought awesome icon,
of course.
And as you're copying and pasting,
just make sure that you are doing it properly,
so this can be the subject.
So the name is subject and placeholder is subject to make sure you update the attributes
accordingly.
And then also let's do one where we've got a text area so again structure is always very
similar.
It's using the same structure of the classes,
so you've got input form group Input group as the main container.
There's also for the input group pre penned,
and this is gonna be a comments will update the input type to text field,
but we can also pre penned these as well the text area.
So update the tag here to text area and we also need a closing text area.
I will update the other attributes as well for text area and for the name it can be message
.
The class is the seam says still,
four of control placeholder works in the text area of the same and with text area,
you can specify the number of columns.
So if you want to 30 columns,
you can also specify the number of rows to make.
That bigger is essentially that's our form and then lastly for form,
you need a buttons again,
using a diff in order to contain the class content and using form group.
And there's nothing that's gonna be pretended here,
so we don't have to have an input group were just using the form group,
and this is an input type.
You could also use Ah,
button,
just a regular button or any element because we're applying the styling as button style.
So this is submit and with submit type on a form,
it's gonna have some default action to it.
And this is all just regular HTML adding in a class so class button and button primary.
And also to get the button to go all the way across,
you can use button block,
so it's an option with buttons and you can update the value to be sent.
Those take a look at the form and once we've got all of that content,
as we want on the form,
we're ready to move on to the next part.
This is that 80%.
So it 100%.
This is what the form is gonna look like.
Big sure that it re sizes and scales as you want,
and we're ready to move on to the last part where we're gonna be taking care of the footer
section of our website that's coming up next